Why do girls like unattractive boys?
Just take a look at these images
[Music]
You must have noticed this pattern
in school, college or work place that a
conventionally attractive girl gets into a happy relationship
with a conventionally unattractive boy
and
even marries him, which is the exact pattern you will
rarely see with males, in
fact research
shows that if it's an attractive boy, then
he will show a stronger preference to
date an attractive girlfriend,
whereas for a beautiful girl,
looks don't matter, but then just look at this,
in Bangalore, when an online dating company called Quack Quack
took a survey among its users, they saw that out of
100 boys' profiles given to them, girls
right swiped only four,
but do
you know what the number of boys was, 35 out of 100, nine
times more than girls, in fact Tinder,
Bumble and Ok
Kupidawa, that means when
universally consider girls unattractive in terms of looks,
then why in real life  Their
answer takes a 360 degree turn. Arguably,
one of the greatest psychologists in history,
Sigma Freud once said that the
biggest question whose answer I have not been able to give till date
after my 30 years of career and research is that
what do girls want? Well, let's do one thing, let's
go and ask the girls themselves. How much would you rate
looks as an attraction out of 10 in a guy that I feel at I guess it
's free out of 10. I'd
just take a look, like, it's clean, it's
good clothes, like that guy's a guy. What do you find
most attractive in a lover? His
looks, his purse, his confidence, the way he
treated you, and his
intelligence, the way he treated me, his confidence, his personality, the way he
treats me. Personality, okay, awesome
intelligence and personality, can I choose
two options? Yes, then it would be how he's treating
me, his confidence, his  Personality Oh sorry
I'm
like this is the point that we are trying to
prove in the video as well and it's
exactly what happens I can't choose one so what do
girls
want do they even know themselves
well another very famous philosopher
Arthur Schopenhauer also presented his experience and
said that girls are
childish and short sighted and that is why
they are nurturers
well female psychology may have troubled philosophers,
psychologists and us boys so much
but today
due to modern neuroscience and evolutionary sciences we have decoded female psychology to
a great extent, have
unlocked its secrets and hacks
and trust me girls are really
not as complicated as we have been thinking
you can turn a bad boy into a good boy
no both in one turn a bad boy into a good boy
neither good boy is already available so fun in life
and that is why if you are single and
want to attract your crush or your
partner  If you want to maintain a good relationship with your partner and
know the secrets of a long successful marriage away from divorce and ruin, then watch this detailed scientific
breakdown till the very end because
your perspective of looking at attraction and relationship is going to
change, it will become extremely logical,
scientific and rational because come
on, this is what we do through our channel.
Science is not a subject for us, but
a means to sky rocket our life by understanding the reality, so let's get
right into
it. 10 million years ago, when the common ancestors of
us humans, chimpanzees and gorillas
roamed the earth, then
choosing the right boy for a female ape was not such a
difficult task. The
most aggressive and
socially dominating, i.e. high status
male in his group would win the heart of the female ape. It is
absolutely straight forward, the attraction
is the but then 20 to 50 lakh years ago,
as the Homo species of humans was
born, we humans started to walk bipedally, i.e. on two
legs.  Now with this change,
because to walk on two legs, the
pelvic bone has to be narrow and at the same time the
human brain was also increasing in size, so
females developed an important adaptation to give
birth to the child before its brain is fully developed
because if the head grows inside the stomach, then
giving birth will not be possible due to the narrow pelvis
and that is why even today
you will see that a new born baby of a chimpanzee or a gorilla is
smarter and more mature than a human child, but this new
adaptive immunity
[Music]
Now generally, to prevent the damage caused to our skin due to pollution, intense
sun exposure and stress, there are
some potent antioxidants like glutathione and lycopene
which our body
produces naturally or we
get from our diet, but nowadays
due to pollution and stress,
oxidative stress is increasing on the body and the body's
natural antioxidant production is
not always able to meet that demand and the resulting
dull skin is just a surface  Level is not an issue,
it also impacts your overall self-confidence.
That's why external
antioxidants can be a very important solution
like Ozeeva's Gluta Fiji.
It contains gluta and lycopene along with ester
xanthin, which is 6000 times
more powerful antioxidant than vitamin C. It reduces
hyper pigmentation and dark
spots on your skin and makes the skin
glow. Gluta Fiji
can be consumed by both males and females and it is very
effortless. You just have to add one tablet to water and
drink it. And it's so tasty and
refreshing. So if you too are struggling with uneven skin tone
and pigmentation, then this is the
best time for a smart switch. Already
thousands of people have tried it.
We have been taking Gluta. It has
n't been even two months and it
feels like there's no
need to apply anything else on the face. The face looks absolutely clean. The
link is in the description below. Start
your journey today. This product
amazon's Jump back to our topic We were understanding
how giving birth to a child before its brain is fully
developed,
how this adaptation brought a very
big change in the behavior of the females made selection,
so what was that
change, imagine you are an ancient lates
Homo erectus female, now if you have to give
birth to a child, then first of all you have to
carry the child for nine months, out of
which for the fifth month you will be extremely
vulnerable and immobile, even after that
after giving birth the child is still
premature, not like other animals
that in a few hours start walking on their feet
and become ready for life,
you have to take care of it for years and
during this time you are extremely vulnerable, any
animal can come and make you and your children dinner,
survival is a daily
constant battle for you and due to survival and
evolution pressures, the psychology of girls
started developing, now they just do
not have to face any aggressive man.  Rather
they started looking for an intelligent, resourceful, courageous,
socially apt and loyal male
who could protect them,
support them by bringing resources,
create cooperative social networks and
not run away at the most vulnerable time. Now there were
other evolutionary pressures at that time as well, like
2.5 million years ago, due to the ice age,
forests were converted into grasslands
and hence, in order to survive, human
groups were becoming bigger and more complicated, in
which it became more important
not to select a wrong mate
and hence the mate selection of girls
started getting complicated. This
psychological refinement made selection
continued in females till 10000 years ago. The brain of females literally
evolved neurologically, which then gave
birth to sophisticated and complicated emotions. Now we will talk about brain structures and female
attraction later,
but if we talk about males, then
human  Since females have
always been the gatekeepers of reproduction in the species, the
competition for males became more difficult.
Now most of the scientists believe that
from the point of view of biology, the value of a female egg is
more than that of a male sperm. Even an
egg is bigger than a sperm. A
female is born with only a limited number of eggs,
which keep decreasing with age,
whereas male sperms are
available in unlimited supply. And that is why
males also faced trimendous mate selection
pressure and their brain structures and
psychology also started developing.
It became very important for males to ensure
that the girl is fertile and
has the capacity to produce a child. Only then will he
compete with other males for that female, that is, the
female should be fit, young and healthy
because ultimately the child is going to be born inside the female's body.
And that is why
males psychologically developed this tendency to focus on the
physically
attractive youthful appearance of females.  We started looking at face and waist hip
ratio and breasts as indicators of fitness and child
bearing capacity.
This preference has been
refining in our psychology till date
and all this
happens at a very subconscious level like the operating system of our brain and
creates the spark of sexual attraction.
800 milliseconds is the time it takes for
your heart to beat once
but it takes only 150 milliseconds to feel an impulse of attraction by looking at someone's face, that
is, our brain decides whether a face is hot
or not even
before we become conscious but the
brain of boys and girls
works in a completely different way. Imagine
a boy and a girl are sitting in a cafe. The boy
sees an attractive girl entering and the girl sees a handsome
boy coming in.
What exactly is going on in the minds of both? Well
let's zoom in to the male brain.
In just 50 milliseconds, the information seen through the eyes about the face is
absorbed by the brain.  The brain will go to two important areas of the
visual cortex and the fusiform face
area FF A where the
structure, symmetry and beauty of the face seen will be
processed and an opinion will be
formed immediately whether a face is attractive
or not. If the face is attractive, then
within 100 milliseconds, the boy's amag
della will fire in excitement and the
nucleus will start releasing a combined pleasure chemical
dopamine.
Within 150 milliseconds, the hypothalamus will also
start firing and the brain will release the sex hormone
testosterone to give him that
masculine boost so that the boy
can consider approaching the girl. Now, somewhere after 150 milliseconds, the
boy becomes conscious
about the attraction and now his
conscious and rational brain starts to kick in.
Here, areas of the pre-frontal
cortex such as the median orbital
frontal cortex will start firing
which creates the perception of reward by considering emotions
and motivates.  To
take action towards the reward, at
this point the boy must be thinking what should I do,
spark some interaction
or at least come in front of her eyes,
so essentially what happened here is that the boy's
brain emotionally processed an attractive face and also
perceived it as a reward
and the motivation to possess her was also
created, this thing is instantaneously largely
subconscious and instinctive
for the brain and attraction is highly visual,
now let's see
what exactly is going on in the female's brain, on seeing an attractive
male, the girl's visual
cortex and fusiform face area
processed the face, it was found that the face is
attractive and this
information reached the brain, but what is this,
unlike the male brain, the girl's brain is not only not getting excited so much,
but it is kind of
neutral, the nucleus accumbens is also
not creating an instant dopamine spike,
at this point the girl must be noticing that the
boy is aesthetic  But that attraction, that
desire would not be created like for
example when boys see any aesthetic thing
like an animal or a car, then
we definitely appreciate the beauty
but we do not feel sexually attracted towards it,
girls must also be
feeling something similar but their tension will
definitely go towards that boy to test him further,
now after the amebia the information will
go to the orbit frontal pre cortex which will
not light up so much, in fact
less than 50% of the brain of males and then the
information will travel to the ventro medial pre frontal
cortex which is one
of the most rational parts of the brain, this part is
basically one of the main decision
makers of the brain because the decision is taken by considering both emotions and logic,
this calculation starts doing
social and value based analysis after seeing the boy completely rational to understand
what is the actual value of the man, at this time
only other questions will be coming in the girl's mind
like how is this man standing, is he  Is he
looking confident, is he successful
or extraordinary, how are his energy
levels, basically and to
extract information about the personality of the man,
his social status and his confidence, that
is, what is his actual value,
then this information is
processed in the hypothalamus and some social circuits, but no
instant dopamine attraction is created anywhere, the
brain is not pumping dopamine till now the
way a boy's
brain is doing, so the girl does not have
any motivation to mingle with the boy directly, it is
just a wait and watch
situation and that is why in some old
services also when the boys were asked that
if they find a girl attractive, will
they agree for a one night stand with her,
then most of the boys
said yes, whereas in the case of girls,
almost no one said yes, if you
want to have no no no
thank you no no no no now I know
after this scientific and neurological analysis many questions will come to your mind  You must be wondering, well let's
focus on some very important points to understand this thing in depth and make a comparison
so that we can get to the root of the differences between the attraction of males and females.
Number one, the first and
probably the most important point to note is
that for boys, the
desire towards an attractive female is processed more in deep emotional instinctive and
primitive parts
like the amebiasis, nucleus accumbens
and hypothalamus. So, this shows that
for males, visual attraction is subconscious,
more powerful, instant and emotional.
Kind of like if you are hungry and you
see a pizza, you feel like eating it.
This is a deep desire which is
based on dopamine rewards. Whereas in case of girls, these
same brain areas are
activated almost negligibly just because of the looks. You will
just gain the maximum attention of the girl,
like a cute painting, but that is
deep.  It will not create desire Well,
in very rare cases, a
deep attraction towards looks can be a trick figure for girls too,
if the appearance of the boy is connected to some past
emotional experience or memory
or if the boy is a famous successful
superstar, the girl already
knows his actual value.
Number two, the attraction of girls is initially
more rational and calculated,
as we have seen, girls literally
use those parts of the brain more which are
linked to rational decision making and obviously it is
not that girls have any bad intentions behind this,
it's just that
evolution has made their brain like this,
girls will process the value of the boy rationally
and boys will process the girl more
instinctively because once
again historically, for a male,
reproducing with a wrong female has
not been a big investment but
for a girl, it has been an investment of almost four to five years,
of course for females  One has to be
rational in mate selection whereas
in the beginning the condition of boys is like this the
heart is a child ji a
little immature ji number three well boys are
more objective but
in case of girls context plays an extremely
big role for example if a
boy sees a photo of an attractive girl
whether you are a
[music]
mercedes-amg and you are looking like a rogue well
now before moving on to the next point are you also
a science enthusiast do you keep searching for the truth of this world
through science
if yes then I would like to invite you to
join us in our mission
our goal is to spread
science scientific thinking and rational mindset to every Indian in India
and empower them with new thinking
in this mission we need
science crazy people like us who
want to create a real positive impact we are
looking for science physics background
researchers mechanical and electrical and any
physics background engineers with
DIY for a work from office
opportunity in Mumbai details  It is
in the description that if you get selected, then it will be
our responsibility to make your passion a thriving profession.
Hospitaly Create an Impact Together. And now let us
continue again with the fourth point.
Number four, the maximum focus of boys is
on physical attractiveness i.e. on
displays of health, fitness, youthfulness and
child bearing capacity. But the
focus of girls is on the behavioural confidence and
displays of social status of the boy
because once again girls are looking at the
indicators of strength, resourcefulness and
social dominance in boys. Number five, the
attraction of boys is straight forward
whereas the attraction of girls is multi-
layered. Looks is just one criterion and
after that, all the checklists of many emotional and social
validations have to be completed
and that is why if a boy
appears below average to a girl on the first day, but if the same boy
gradually displays other high value traits, then
in a few months the same
boy will start appearing extremely attractive. The
attraction of girls is slow and
complicated.
Number six, another interesting
fact is that in case of boys, the
circuits of the brain that get
triggered in initial attraction are very similar to the
circuits of addiction. Yes,
technically there is not much difference between romantic love and addiction
and that is why often
in initial love we start getting addicted to that person.
This thing does
not happen with girls in the beginning only because of looks. Number
seven, the spark of initial attraction of girls will
go more towards that man who is projecting
confidence, status, social dominance and
intelligence, but this
spark will still be weaker than the spark that males
feel on seeing attractive females, simply because the
parts of the rational brain of females are always
more activated initially, especially the
part of the ventro medial pre cortex.
So now comes the most important question, so
neurologically speaking, do girls ever develop
that deep emotional primitive?  Does
n't one feel attraction for a boy the way a
boy feels in his brain? Are
girls always extremely rational and
extremely practical? Then
how do girls get trapped in the wrong person? They get
depressed after breakups
and some even consider it.
I have broken up four times but then I turn around and go back to the
same person again. I don't know, it's like I never
thought, look, the
attraction of girls is definitely more rational and calculative in the beginning
but after a point,
its nature starts changing.
Gradually, as a boy comes close to a girl
and the girl sees muscular and high
value traits, strength based behavioral
qualities like ambition, confidence, courage,
decisive emotional maturity in him, she sees
potential in him, feels a connection
and sees a future for the relationship, then
gradually the emotional areas of the girl's brain
like amg della nucleus, umbra,
ventral tag, mental area
start getting extra activated.  Dopamine
spikes start getting created whenever the
girl thinks about that boy, sees him,
hears his voice or spends time with him. Then
gradually with time, the girl
starts feeling the same deep emotional attraction
that the boy was feeling initially. And
after that, another interesting thing happens. The
rational parts of the girl's brain, the
pre-frontal cortex,
gradually start getting less activated. The
girl's trust, feeling of security and
love now starts increasing. This is the exact time
when the girl starts going crazy in love and
starts feeling irrational. Even if 10
people tell her that the boy is not right,
she does not understand. And if the boy is
just playing with the girl, she will get
hurt a lot.
So, girls are also human beings
and that is why they are not 100% rational. Their
brain can also make the mistake of trusting the wrong boy.
This usually happens
more with young girls. Young girls start trusting the
masculine traits of bad boys, such as
confidence.  Girls get attracted by courage and I don't give up
attitude but later it is
known that there is
no maturity in the relationship and that is why it
cannot last for a long term. Well here is another
important note, for a long term
relationship, the deep emotional
attraction of girls is based on the feeling of security, trust,
emotional connection and understanding.
So to say that girls are
superficial would be completely wrong.
Sorry red pill and black pill guy, but
neuroscience kind of says the same thing and
that is why hopefully now you must have got the answer that
why girls get attracted to even typically
unattractive looking boys
because for them
looks are very secondary. Even for some
girls who consider good looks as their top priority,
looks are a rational
preference and not a deep emotional attraction.
For example, if you are an
actress, then there is a pressure on you to
marry a good looking actor only
because it will not be a good choice for your career.  Opportunities can be
created. You will
look better in off-screen shoots as well as on-screen shoots.
Along with that, your circle will also be the same, the same
celebrity circle with vanity. This is a rational
preference which will be processed in the rational parts of the brain.
But boys think that
look, the boy is good looking, that's why he
liked a good looking girl. Even Bollywood and
Hollywood have played a big role in promoting this myth.
Every good looking
actress has a good looking male actor with her. So
boys consider this thing as a norm that
girls give
a lot of priority to looks in the same
way as boys do. But
attraction is not just about beauty. It's about what the
brain values. It's about meaning.
You may not understand the meaning, but
your biology and psychology understand it very well
because the echoes of evolution are
still fresh in them. Men have turned mountains into stones,
set up umpires and
planted their flags till the moon, just so that they can be seen,
eaten, chosen and loved too.
This is attraction it is that silent
hidden force that has taken humans from so many places The
force of female attraction has
been more powerful than gravity
because it has taken men from caves to stars
But where attraction is an
instinct, whom to commit to is a
choice that is in your hands Men are
drawn to what they see and women are drawn to what they feel
But in the end both are
looking for just one thing, a connection that
goes beyond biology and time and
makes this meaningless life worth living
With that said Gaurav Thakur Signing off Jai
Hind Achcha before we and I am
not able to relate in real life I have
seen in my life that
all the attractive girls
run after the boys with good looks So see,
you must have seen this mostly in schools and colleges. The
reason behind this is that
in schools and colleges you must have seen that the
boys who are usually good looking are
also more confident, due to which
They are also popular. They have an
attitude of owning myself and self validation,
which attitude actually
attracts girls and that is why
some girls
also get attracted to boys with bad boy attitude who
exude confidence. Now it is a
different thing that some boys are actually
confident but some are just faking it.
Some young girls definitely fall for fake
but over time they
learn to differentiate between real and fake.
Extremely rarely you will see a good
looking but insecure, self doubting,
aloof boy
dating an attractive girl but
in case of boys, these traits will be liked by many males in
females because they
reflect submissive nature. Same thing happens in life too,
good looking people are usually
more confident and this confidence
makes them attractive. So this is good
news right, boys should be more confident about their looks.  There is
no need to obsess, rather you should
obsess over your self worth, which is
in our hands to develop. Looks are
not in our hands. Secondly, it is
not that girls
give literally zero value to looks. I said this earlier also that
looks are just a criteria which
easily gets overridden by other important criteria.
At first sight or
in a short term dating context,
looks will play a little more role for the girl
because there is
no other information about the boy. So kind of like, suppose
you have gone to a library and
you see a lot of books there, but
you do not know the actual content of any book, then
you will judge it on the basis of its cover only. If the
cover looks attractive,
you will judge it accordingly. But this does
not mean that its cover is the
number one important criteria behind your selection,
right just because you do
not have any other information about that book, so
you choose it on the basis of its cover only.  Yes, now
if a girl has two completely equal
options then she will prefer a good looking boy,
all things being equal but
in life two boys can never have exactly the same
personality traits and social value
and that is why looks get
easily overridden by other better qualities but it is
extremely difficult for attractive males to easily override looks in females
because there is a deep
psychological trigger of emotional attraction
which indicates fertility once again
before us and as per evolutionary psychology
girls are expecting
more strength security connection and resources from guys and guys are expecting
fertility and nurturing feminine traits from girls, this is
not anybody's opinion but brain
scans are also pointing towards this, so definitely empower
your life and relationships by using this new scientific knowledge.